README.md, before:

# Sposuify

**Sposuify** is a simple music player for osu! modded from [Osu.Music](https://github.com/Laritello/osu-music) and supports Discord Rich Presence.

---

## Download

Head over to the **Release Page**  

- Download: [UPDATE V.2.0.1](https://github.com/iseizuu/Sposuify/releases)  

---

## Changelogs

- Fixed FFmpeg audio stream stopping after **5 minutes**
- Fixed crash when osu! is installed in a **custom drive** (for example `F:\osu!`)

---

## Requirements

- Windows 7 or higher  
- .NET Core 3.1  

---

## Features

- Integrated with Discord Rich Presence (Listening Activity)  
- Songs cover image thumbnails  
- Uses **FFmpeg** for audio decoding  
- Play, pause, seek, repeat, shuffle  
- Playlist support  

---

## License

Distributed under the **MIT License**. See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

## ⚠ Disclaimer

This project is not mine.  
All resources and original copyrights belong to **[Laritello](https://github.com/Laritello)**.  
Original project: https://github.com/Laritello/osu-music  

---

## Known Bugs

- In the original repository, `Mp3FileReader` did not support variable bitrate (VBR) MP3 files.  
  This has been fixed in Sposuify by switching to **FFmpeg** as the audio engine.

---

## Screenshots

<a href="https://ibb.co.com/5W82p435"><img src="https://i.ibb.co.com/QFNXSQV6/image.png" alt="image" border="0"></a>

<a href="https://imgbb.com/"><img src="https://i.ibb.co.com/Hp4z7L5h/image.png" alt="image" border="0"></a>

Commit message:

Fixed various bugs
Introduces BeatmapCoverConverter for displaying song thumbnails in the song list and main view. Refactors audio playback logic for improved safety and crash prevention, especially when switching tracks. Enhances Discord RPC handling, including more robust enable/disable logic and presence updates. Updates UI to show beatmap covers, improves next-song logic, and updates documentation and versioning for v2.0.2.

README.md, after:

# Sposuify

**Sposuify** is a simple music player for osu! modded from [Osu.Music](https://github.com/Laritello/osu-music) and supports Discord Rich Presence.

---

## Download

Head over to the **Release Page**  

- Download: [UPDATE V.2.0.2](https://github.com/iseizuu/Sposuify/releases)  

---

## Changelog v2.0.2

- Fixed multiple Discord RPC issues not appearing in various playback states.
- Fixed crash when toggling RPC settings.
- Fixed crash when switching to the next song.
- Improved next-song logic to prevent unexpected crashes.
- Improved playback handling and safety checks.
- Song thumbnail preview in song list.

---

## Requirements

- Windows 7 or higher  
- .NET Core 3.1  

---

## Features

- Integrated with Discord Rich Presence (Listening Activity)  
- Songs cover image thumbnails  
- Uses **FFmpeg** for audio decoding  
- Play, pause, seek, repeat, shuffle  
- Playlist support  

---

## License

Distributed under the **MIT License**. See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

## ⚠ Disclaimer

This project is not mine.  
All resources and original copyrights belong to **[Laritello](https://github.com/Laritello)**.  
Original project: https://github.com/Laritello/osu-music  

---

## Known Bugs

- In the original repository, `Mp3FileReader` did not support variable bitrate (VBR) MP3 files.  
  This has been fixed in Sposuify by switching to **FFmpeg** as the audio engine.

---

## Screenshots
<a href="https://ibb.co.com/m5mn228n"><img src="https://i.ibb.co.com/xqynBBHn/image.png" alt="image" border="2"></a>

<a href="https://imgbb.com/"><img src="https://i.ibb.co.com/Hp4z7L5h/image.png" alt="image" border="2"></a>
